you
hello no spoilers okay so you know what
I'm gonna do now I'm gonna start a game
because I feel like it and um that's old
don't need it yeah screw it go okay yeah
so I can belittle me about ready for
right now I got try recording earlier
and I just didn't feel it sound like
screw it i'm gonna try starting a new
Walter so this is force unleashed for
the wii and movie v shut up i'm not
going to collect everything i'm just
gonna collect like what I feel like
collecting as the collection who I am so
stall walls and i love this game so much
hahaha one of my favorite Star Wars
games right here cuz im a nerd like that
the force unleashed it's moving very
slowly the galaxy is on the brink of
total darkness the evil galactic empires
overthrown the old Republican now holds
countless worlds and the grip of fear
has away for you know scale the Jedi
Knights have been all but destroyed Oh a
handful have escaped imperial shitheads
disappearing into hiding across the
galaxy the Emperor spies have located a
lone jedi knight on the wiki homeworld
of cashing the Sith Lord Darth Vader no
death has been sent to destroy him okay
I think it's on my reading for the month
okay so I'm trying I'm trying to decide
she lets get this you just just now I'll
let it play out cuz I like the story on
in this one
made me happy and since the second one
is going to come out soon I'm gonna buy
that morning I'm gonna own I'm just
gonna be like double blades hoes haha so
right okay so now we do what most Star
Wars people do instead of looking at the
mysterious two credits flown in space we
look down at that sorry uploads really
look slowly it's just an played this
game forever has a couple scratches but
this game is so much fun uh if you don't
own it watch someone play good friends
house played if they have it this game
is so much fun i bought this like the
month it came out not the way the month
because i was broke and stuff so i said
just Akashic such a peaceful place not
anymore date so explode the graphics
release aren't the best on the wii but i
love it i just enjoy slashing people ok
so the wookies are pretty much owning
the troopers you got screwed yeah wish i
could skip the tutorial but you can Oh
stuff be exploding haha like a sneak
attack so pretty much I hate this part
of the game because you can start Vader
cuz you start out as him you can't run
so you're like pimp strutting like for a
20 minute straight see yeah he does that
for 20 minutes straight pretty much shut
the fuck up
he won't of my home goodbye sucker ok so
now you just walk up here cuz I feel
like it i'm gonna ba by again oh yeah ha
i already know how to shoot stuff now oh
I can't like I really pisses me off I
enjoy that power and you don't get it
really late until like really oh ok yeah
I love that power yeah so pretty much go
up here wiki's be diaper on him right at
you with blades and get gunned down and
stuff I pretend I know what that means
so let's go better hurry up yes it does
just telling you this is how you kill
people watch yeah oh oh you comin at me
now boy come come get it you know it no
no take that and you go off the edge cuz
I don't like you you stay down ok so
yeah this part is kind of good ya just
bye bye i forgot i think i was something
over here as I can okay did I hmm could
have sworn there was a holocron over
here could have sworn it behind you well
fuck there isn't I just wasted a ton of
time ok yeah and no he is super slow
this is yeah I'm literally walking as
fast as I possibly can which isn't fast
at all why are you blocking with your
hand when i'm using the lightsaber hold
up there we go fuckers now you can pick
up guns and stuff which i enjoy but ok
finally he bought I was like why aren't
you walking ok gun I'm gonna try to get
over there so you can shoot him because
i'm lazy so shoot him shoot him shoot
him
yeah just cuz i can just cuz i cant
again come on yeah i'll take my white
saber I know how two good fourth grip
see I'm for scraping all right there yes
you did me shoot a me and I'll shoot
back shoot yeah yeah well he is what's
he got now what you got you ain't got
none I got freakin force lightsaber
throw baby oh he doesn't have lightning
which really takes me off but he does
have this as the game just said you can
force choke stuff bitches bitches okay
so then you just force push the hell out
of everything if you want to because I
feel like it then there's I go this way
it's faster the other way as a health
pack but I don't need it I think it has
a health back i don't remember it's been
so long since I've played this with you
no no okay so no just 30 i say we're at
them oh there's a holocron heck yeah
please yah Boing stuff up will give you
holocrons which later on we'll give you
experience which you need fuck off your
fucking wookie wookie bastard fuck off
there we go it's been so long since i
played this game sorry I'm sucking by
not played in like a year I know how to
blow shit up I feel like it yeah and
yeah that just lets you get holocrons
and stuff easier and just cuz I don't
like you trooper you may be my trooper
but I don't Oh holocron as you can see
this game is a big-time problem for me
because I get distracted by shiny things
really easily so this is gonna be a
really fun game for me bitches just as I
can
tear up your house you know it I throw
my lightsaber nope